#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements/dev.in
#
addict==2.4.0
    # via open3d
aiohttp==3.8.3
    # via gradio
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
analytics-python==1.4.0
    # via gradio
anyio==3.6.1
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   starlette
appnope==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
asynctest==0.13.0
    # via aiohttp
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
backoff==1.10.0
    # via analytics-python
bcrypt==4.0.0
    # via paramiko
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via nbconvert
black==22.10.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
bleach==5.0.1
    # via nbconvert
blessings==1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   colour-runner
certifi==2022.9.24
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   uvicorn
codecov==2.1.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   rootpath
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   rootpath
colour-runner==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   rootpath
coverage==6.5.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   codecov
    #   rootpath
cryptography==38.0.1
    # via paramiko
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.3
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
deepdiff==5.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   rootpath
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   virtualenv
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
fastapi==0.85.0
    # via gradio
fastjsonschema==2.16.2
    # via nbformat
ffmpy==0.3.0
    # via gradio
filelock==3.8.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
fonttools==4.37.4
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2022.8.2
    # via gradio
gradio==3.4
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
h11==0.12.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==0.15.0
    # via httpx
httpx==0.23.0
    # via gradio
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   coloredlogs
identify==2.5.6
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   rfc3986
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   click
    #   jsonschema
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   pluggy
    #   pre-commit
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
importlib-resources==5.9.0
    # via jsonschema
ipykernel==6.16.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==7.34.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.2
    # via jupyter
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
joblib==1.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   scikit-learn
jsonschema==4.16.0
    # via nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
jupyter-client==7.3.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.4
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.11.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
linkify-it-py==1.0.3
    # via markdown-it-py
markdown-it-py[linkify,plugins]==2.1.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   mdit-py-plugins
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.5.3
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   open3d
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.3.1
    # via markdown-it-py
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
monotonic==1.6
    # via analytics-python
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
nbclient==0.7.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.2.1
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.6.1
    # via
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
nodeenv==1.7.0
    # via pre-commit
notebook==6.4.12
    # via jupyter
numpy==1.21.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
    #   open3d
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   pyquaternion
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   torchvision
open3d==0.15.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
opencv-python==4.6.0.66
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
ordered-set==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   deepdiff
orjson==3.8.0
    # via gradio
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   ipykernel
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtpy
    #   tox
pandas==1.3.5
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   open3d
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
paramiko==2.11.0
    # via gradio
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.10.1
    # via black
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   gradio
    #   matplotlib
    #   open3d
    #   torchvision
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via jsonschema
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   tox
pre-commit==2.20.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.31
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.2
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
py==1.11.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   tox
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pycryptodome==3.15.0
    # via gradio
pydantic==1.10.2
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   gradio
pydub==0.25.1
    # via gradio
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   colour-runner
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   rootpath
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via paramiko
pyngrok==5.1.0
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyquaternion==0.9.9
    # via open3d
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   analytics-python
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-multipart==0.0.5
    # via gradio
pytz==2022.4
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   gradio
    #   open3d
    #   pre-commit
    #   pyngrok
pyzmq==24.0.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.3.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.2.1
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   codecov
    #   gradio
    #   torchvision
rfc3986[idna2008]==1.5.0
    # via httpx
rootpath==0.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   open3d
    #   sklearn
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   scikit-learn
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via notebook
shapely==1.8.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   analytics-python
    #   bleach
    #   blessings
    #   paramiko
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-multipart
    #   rootpath
    #   tox
sklearn==0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
starlette==0.20.4
    # via fastapi
termcolor==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   rootpath
terminado==0.16.0
    # via notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via pre-commit
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   black
    #   tox
torch==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tox==3.26.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   rootpath
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/dev.in
    #   open3d
traitlets==5.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typed-ast==1.5.4
    # via black
typing-extensions==4.4.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   anyio
    #   argon2-cffi
    #   async-timeout
    #   black
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   jsonschema
    #   kiwisolver
    #   markdown-it-py
    #   pydantic
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   torchvision
    #   uvicorn
    #   yarl
uc-micro-py==1.0.1
    # via linkify-it-py
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.18.3
    # via gradio
virtualenv==20.16.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   pre-commit
    #   tox
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websockets==10.3
    # via gradio
wheel==0.37.1
    # via open3d
widgetsnbextension==4.0.3
    # via ipywidgets
wincertstore==0.2
    # via -r requirements/dev.in
yarl==1.8.1
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/prod.txt
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
